feat(changelog): cockpit-changed-traces-are-now-in-ga 2024-04-04 (#3019)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/april2024/2024-04-04-cockpit-changed-traces-are-now-in-ga.mdx

---
title: Traces are now in GA
status: changed
author:

>     fullname: 'Join the #[xxx] channel on Slack.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    fullname: 'Join the #observability channel on Slack.'
```

    url: 'https://slack.scaleway.com'
date: 2024-04-04
category: observability
product: cockpit
---

> Traces are now in GA !
> 
> They have a retention of 7 days in free plan and are billed like Logs : 0.35€/Go

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Traces are now available in GA (General Availability)!

- Traces come with a retention period of 7 days in the free plan.
- Billing for Traces is aligned with Logs, priced at 0.35€ per GB.

Get started with Traces today and enhance your monitoring capabilities!
```

---
title: Traces are now in GA
status: changed
author:
    fullname: 'Join the #observability channel on Slack.'
    url: 'https://slack.scaleway.com'
date: 2024-04-04
category: observability
product: cockpit
---

Traces are now available in GA (General Availability)!

- Traces come with a retention period of 7 days in the free plan.

> - Billing for Traces is aligned with Logs, priced at 0.35€ per GB.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Traces are billed 0.35€ per GB ingested.
```

> Get started with Traces today and enhance your monitoring capabilities!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Get detailed records of your requests' behavior with traces, and enhance your monitoring capabilities!
```
